hello Pam dinner here is content
marketing still even a thing why don't I
think so anyway so let me share three
points of view so that you can determine
how to better incorporate content as a
part of your marketing strategy moving
forward I wrote a book about content
marketing back in 2014 have been a
Content marketing speaker for years so
as a Content marketer I am older and
hopefully
[Laughter]
wiser here are three content
consideration to think about number one
one size doesn't fit all not at all 10
years ago I preach about how to create
one format of content to promote to all
social media channels well now I just
said don't do that
okay your marketing channel can help
determine your content format people
consume content across different
channels in different formats some
people may enjoy a short form Tik Tok
video while Others May enjoy watching a
more substantial YouTube video like this
one whether via News Channel social
media channel print streaming services
or e-commerce sites Etc you are going to
need to consider your audience here as
you determine how to best format your
content formats obviously include text
which is PVF written format audios and a
video you your channels will determine
content formats because one size doesn't
fit all the way you write about blog
post will be different than you write
about your video in a podcast grips for
example this specific video I'm
recording right
now the topic for
video is three
consideration as a part of content
marketing right but when I wrote the
blog post similar topic the title is the
six biggest lesson I've learned from
doing content Marketing in the past 10
years see the
similarity and also the
difference and the full blog post I pack
whole lot more content into it but for
the video get to the point three points
that is it in addition content is not
free if you do different formats please
make sure you allocate budget to do that
if your budget is limited you need to
prioritize the format of content you
want to
produce when you are thinking about
content planning please take into
account things like Channel usage
formats audience preferences and your
budget especially your budget to make
informed decisions number two content
promotion is more important than content
creation
in my book I made it very clear that
marketers need to spend more time
promoting content than creating content
that statement still holds true
today when you promote your content pay
organic doesn't matter it's almost no
exception whatsoever you will see
upticks in your website traffic when you
promote you will see website traffic
okay promoting content is as much work
as creating content content trust me I
[Laughter]
know if you have a massive following on
your social media channel CH you don't
need to do a major promotion to catch
attention so that massive following does
matter in terms of a Content consumption
but if you don't have that
following you'll need to add a pay
budget to push that for outreach so
here's another thing to take into
account at promotion and advertising
budget as a part of your content
marketing
don't skip on your content promotion
budget number three measuring content II
is only possible as a function of
marketing channels in my book I stated
you can't again you can't measure
content II all by yourself content is
content it doesn't mean anything unless
it's a part of a Content channel that
you promote or part of a demain
generation campaign metric such as
downloads or views are what I call so
what metric so what your Executives
won't care about these metrics unless
you can show them the money in other
words tie the metrics to some sort of
Revenue impact so two interesting
content metrics that you can take into
account these are just
examples can you show the content drives
the acceleration of nql to SQL
conversion can you show whether or not
sales are using your content trust me
when salese say oh my God these content
pieces created by Pam are so good I
share that with my
prospects when sales people talk
Executives listen so here are three
quick rundown of my top three takes on
content number
one no one side fits all number two
allocate appropriate promotion budget
number three use content as a function
of a Channel or sales
usage so if you like this video I hope
you do please give me a thumbs
up also subscribe I share lots of video
and shorts related to marketing and life
in general until next time takey care
bye